<h1>Intro</h1>
I made these scripts for my own use but figured some people may find them useful, so here they are!<br>
Note that I use <b>Greasemonkey</b> and <b>Firefox</b> on my <b>PC</b>, so it's possible my scripts won't work for you if you're using a different Monkey extension (like Tampermonkey or Violentmonkey), a different browser, or mobile.<br>
However, I use vanilla JavaScript, so they <i>should</i> work for other extensions.<br>
If you have any issues, feel free to message me on Discord (un: .reemote).

<h1>How To</h1>
<ol>
  <li>Install Greasemonkey, Tampermonkey, Violentmonkey, or a similar browser extension</li>
  <li>Go to the script you want to install and press the "Raw" button (top right)<br>
  An installation dialogue should appear</li>
  <li>Click "Install"</li>
</ol>

If you <b>don't</b> want the scripts to <b>auto-update</b> when I make changes or<br>
If you want to use a <b>previous</b> version
<ol>
  <li>Install Greasemonkey, Tampermonkey, Violentmonkey, or a similar browser extension</li>
  <li>Click on the extension and select "Create a new user script..."</li>
  <li>Copy the code (press the "Copy" button: ⮺ or ctrl + a then ctrl + c)</li>
  <li>Paste the code into the new script (delete anything that was auto-generated by the extension)</li>
  <li>Save the script (ctrl + s)</li>
</ol>

<h1>Approved Scripts</h1>
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/Neopets%20-%20Lab%20Ray%20%26%20Petpet%20Lab%20Ray%20Improvements.user.js">
    Neopets - Lab Ray & Petpet Lab Ray Improvements</a></li>
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/Neopets%20-%20Bank%20Maximize%20Interest.user.js">
    Neopets - Bank Maximize Interest</a></li>
</ul>

<h1>Not Submitted Yet</h1>
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/Neopets%20-%20TM%20Scratchcard%20Kiosk.user.js">
    Neopets - TM Scratchcard Kiosk</a></li>
</ul>

<h1>Denied Approval</h1>
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/Neopets%20-%20FC%20Bet%20Counter.user.js">
    Neopets - FC Bet Counter</a></li>
  Reason: "Not useful enough"<br>
  Although there's already an approved script that does the same thing. 🙄
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/Neopets%20-%20Lunar%20Temple%20Solver.user.js">
    Neopets - Lunar Temple Solver</a></li>
  Reason: "There's already an approved script that does this."<br>
  Actually, there are <i>multiple</i>.<br>
  Plus, the main one doesn't work with Greasmonkey (it'll throw a <code>$ is not defined</code> error because the author is using JQuery but didn't include it).<br>
  Mine is vanilla JavaScript, so it should work with Greasmonkey, Tampermonkey, Violentmonkey, etc.
  <li><a href="https://github.com/0o0slytherinpride0o0/Neopets-Scripts-Redesign/blob/main/JN%20iDB%20-%20DTI%20link.user.js">
    JN iDB - DTI link</a></li>
  Reason: "Not for neopets.com"<br>
  Although, there are scripts that are for DTI. 🤷‍♀️ 
</ul>

